**Privacy Policy**

Sergiu Șandor built the Quick Cursor app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Sergiu Șandor at no cost and is intended for use as is.

If you choose to use my Service, then you must know and agree that I'm not collecting or sharing any data except the data collected by [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) described here: [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) in order for the app to be on Play Store and to have an in-app purchase for premium.

Quick Cursor app doesn't connect to any servers (except Google Play Store for in-app purchase through Google Play Store app), I don't collect, share, host any data from your device. 

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through Google Play Store) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-10-31

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at quickcursor@protonmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
